docs(netlify): remove comma (#8040)
withastro/astro: packages/integrations/netlify/README.md

### On-demand Builders

> [Netlify On-demand Builders](https://docs.netlify.com/configure-builds/on-demand-builders/) are serverless functions used to generate web content as needed that’s automatically cached on Netlify’s Edge CDN. You can enable their use using the [`builders` configuration](#builders).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Netlify On-demand Builders](https://docs.netlify.com/configure-builds/on-demand-builders/) are serverless functions used to generate web content as needed that’s automatically cached on Netlify’s Edge CDN. You can enable them using the [`builders` configuration](#builders).
```
